Add NodeJS link to NODE_ENV=production (#879)
strapi/documentation: docs/developer-docs/latest/setup-deployment-guides/configurations/optional/environment.md

| `STRAPI_HIDE_STARTUP_MESSAGE`                              | Don't show the startup message in the terminal                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | `Boolean` | `false`         |
| `STRAPI_TELEMETRY_DISABLED`                                | Don't send telemetry usage data to Strapi                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `Boolean` | `false`         |
| `STRAPI_LICENSE`                                           | The license key to activate the Enterprise Edition                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | `String`  | `undefined`     |

> | `NODE_ENV`                                                 | Type of environment where the app is running. Note: `production` enables specific behaviors. See  [Node.js](https://nodejs.dev/learn/nodejs-the-difference-between-development-and-production) for details.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | `String`  | `'development'` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `NODE_ENV`                                                 | Type of environment where the app is running.<br/><br/>`production` enables specific behaviors (see  [Node.js documentation](https://nodejs.dev/learn/nodejs-the-difference-between-development-and-production) for details)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | `String`  | `'development'` |
```

```bash
yarn start                                   # uses host 127.0.0.1

> NODE_ENV=production yarn start               # uses host defined in .env. If not defined, uses 0.0.0.0

Author: @petersg83 the line above with `yarn start` refers to the root server.js file in the code block above, which only has the hard-coded host value and no `env` reference. Am I correct that this will only run on 127.0.0.1? Piwi and I discussed this afternoon that these examples are maybe still a little confusing? WDYT?

> NODE_ENV=production yarn start               # uses host defined in .env. If not defined, uses 0.0.0.0

Reviewer 2: You're right, I didn't see the example above!
